Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
M_I_SForEver
100 candles.
100 ghost stories.
And a mirror in the dark
to summon the spirits.
The procedure is simple,
but absolutely terrifying.
You must sit by
the other players
in a circle made of 100 candles.
You take a candle and
tell a horror story.
Then you go over to the
next room with the candle
and stay there, alone
with the mirror.
You blow out the candle
and if you're lucky,
you'll only see the overwhelming
darkness before you.
But if you're not lucky,
that could be the
last thing you see
before your mind get lost in
the dark mazes of insanity.
As stories are told and
candles get blown out,
a portal will start to
open through the mirror.
You will feel strange
presences around you,
lurking in the shadows.
But you must not leave the game,
or else a terrible curse
will fall upon you.
"Legend has it the game came
from Japan many centuries ago.
The old samurai told each
other terrifying stories
to prove themselves
their bravery.
They say one night a
samurai played this game
with his wife and children.
After many hours, they
got to story number 100,
and then something
horrible happened.
The warrior's wife kill
herself before the mirror,
cutting her throat
with a piece of glass.
Desperate in pain, the
samurai did the same,
to join his wife
in the afterlife."
Even today, whenever you
light a mirror in the dark,
you can see their shadows.
The game of the 100 candles
has just begun.
So?
No, I didn't see anything.
We were getting worried.
Let's go on. Sooner or
later, we'll see something.
Don't be idiots.
Nothing will happen.
Who's next?
It's Kristy's turn.
No, no, wait. We
already had a girl.
You're up, Alex.
Fine! I have loads
of stories to tell.
I hope you don't tell
the one where you got drunk
and ended up in bed with
your girlfriend's mom.
Now, that! That
was a horror story!
Right, it was a long time ago.
There was a lot of alcohol
involved, I was cold...
You know what? It
doesn't matter.
Right, right.
This is the story
I'm gonna tell.
This is a story
about a little girl.
She was scared and all
alone in the woods.
She ran and she ran amongst
the trees and the bushes,
until she ran into
something unexpected.
Hi?
Hey.
Are you alone?
You wanna play?
Okay.
What are you doing here?
Nothing.
You know what?
What?
I saw something in the woods.
There's a witch out there.
She snatches kids
and feeds on them.
How do you know?
Everyone knows about the
forest and the people missing.
Why do you think
they feed on children?
They like their taste.
Their taste?
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
How do you taste,
little bitch?
You're late.
Sorry, darling.
Needed to be sure.
I don't like to be the bait.
What do you think a
witch tastes like?
What the hell
are you doin' in there?
You jerkin' off or somethin'?
Okay.
- It's my turn, right?
- Yeah, it's your turn.
Hope you don't
take as long as Alex.
Come on, I
didn't take that long.
So, I know this story
that took place a while ago,
in my hometown.
Come with me.
You know who did this.
Right?
The gorgers.
They lurk everywhere.
In the fields, in the woods,
and if you go outside, you
put both of us in danger.
You understand?
If they find you...
I'm sorry.
I know you have
never been outside.
But it's cruel out there.
It's dangerous.
We have to stick together.
You and me.
You don't want me to
lose you, son, do you?
♪ Should I die before I wake ♪
♪ I do not cry, I do not ache ♪
♪ Nothing's ever mine to keep ♪
♪ I close my eyes and go ♪
Careful.
What happened?
- Did you see something?
- Mm-hm.
At the barn.
Do you think they've smelt me?
Did you see the fog outside?
Hanging above the
field. It's them.
The scent of little children.
It attracts them.
It's in your clothes.
In your hair.
They used to be
called the fog demons,
because they move with the fog.
You have your mother's eyes.
I'm gonna go and feed the pigs.
Yeah, that's good.
That's a good spot.
I wanna show you somethin'.
Why don't you get the lights?
Now watch.
That's our little world.
Can you read this to me?
Again?
All right.
You stay here.
Should I die before I wake,
I do not cry,
I do not ache.
Nothing's ever mine to keep.
I close my eyes and go to sleep.
And pray the Lord
my soul to take.
Should I die before I wake...
What the hell
are you doing here?
They're here.
You know what to do!
Run!
Forgive me, Father,
for I have sinned.
We have the boy.
Go, go, go!
Suspect down, weapon secured.
Copy that.
We've got control.
Suspect is down.
You're good now. You're safe.
Hey.
My dear son.
Mom?
Mom, are you there?
I miss you.
This stupid game.
Stupid Kristy, what the
hell are you doing here?
Hey, kitty.
Hey! How are you?
What you doin' here?
Kristy!
Kristy. Kristy, what's going on?
- Hey, hey.
- My face.
There's something wrong with
my face. I can't get it off.
I can't get it off,
I can't get it off!
What are you talking about?
There's nothing
wrong with your face.
Are you guys lying?
I'm a freaking monster!
Look in the mirror!
I... I thought there
something on my face.
It's the game, Kristy.
You see things that aren't real.
You're fine.
Let's move on.
Let's go
drink some water.
Children with black eyes.
I first heard about the legend
a long time ago in the '80s.
Dude, you're not
that old. Come on.
I am, actually. I'm as
old as humanity itself.
I keep myself young with
virgin women's blood.
I can tell you don't
need to worry about that.
Fuck you, James.
Anyway, children
with black eyes.
They say they are demons
disguised as youngsters.
You can see them hitchhiking
or asking for change.
You can find them when
you least expect it.
In your front yard, or
in even worse places.
That's what this
story is all about.
♪ Who's afraid of
the big bad wolf ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪
May I have a glass of water?
I found you!
Are you crazy? You
could've hit me on the head.
What the fuck are you
talking about, James?
Is this shit supposed
to scare me or something?
A flyer from a camp?
- What?
- It's a flyer from a camp.
No, I swear. Someone
threw a brick at me.
There was a note attached to it
and it said "leave
or we will kill you."
I told you, this is
not just a game, James.
I don't know
what the fuck happened.
We can't quit the game now.
We have to go on
with the stories.
It's your turn, Alex.
Yes, I know.
I thought about this,
this story I heard
when I was at school.
It was about these little girls,
and they had this perfect life.
But one night, something very,
very eerie happened to them.
Honey.
Why are you in the bed?
Jill, did
you wet the bed?
God.
Oh, my god!
Oh, my god, honey!
What happened?
What happened, Jill?
Was there somebody
here? Talk to me.
Katie.
Oh, my god.
Mom?
What are you doing?
Huh?
What happened to the hallway?
Oh, no.
You're doing it again.
Open up!
Open the door!
Now!
It's your mother!
Open the door!
Open the door, now!
Put your hand on the
door and unlock it!
It's your mother!
Please!
Let me in!
Oh, god.
Get out of there!
You're in danger!
My baby.
Oh, my baby.
Kristy! Kristy, Kristy!
What's wrong?
Kristy, what's wrong?
There's someone
here. We're not alone.
There's someone here.
What? There's nobody here.
I saw her. She was there.
There was this woman with
her face all eaten up,
and she was, she
was holding a cat.
She was there.
Kristy, it's the game.
They're spirits. They can't
really harm you, it's fine.
I saw her! I'm not
making this up, I'm not!
You should
blow out the candle.
What?
You have to blow it out.
Otherwise, we can't
go on with the game.
I don't want anything to
do with this fucking game!
I want to go home!
Remember, we
all agreed to this.
- We need to finish the game.
- Well, I was out of my mind!
I didn't know it was
going to be like this.
I know, Kristy, but the
sooner we finish the game,
the sooner we go home, just
blow the candle, please.
Just do it.
Let's get outta here.
All right.
I'll go on with this shit.
I read this story online
recently about these two friends.
Natasha and Nina.
Now, there was some snapshots
of a conversation
between the two of them.
And one day, Natasha
wakes up in the dark,
and doesn't know what
the hell is going on.
Where am I?
Hello?
Help!
Please!
No!
No way, no!
1 CONTACT
No.
You don't have enough credit
to make this call.
Please, Nina, help me.
NINA
ONLINE
Nina, I don't where I am,
I can't move.
Please help me!
I can't breathe.
Nina, I don't remember
what happened.
I'm stuck here and can't get out.
Come on!
HELP
NINA
ONLINE
WRITING...
Who are you, you son of a bitch?
Are you fucking with me?
I'll report you to the police.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no!
No.
Please, Nina, help me.
ONLINE
RECORDING AUDIO...
No.
Natasha.
No, that's impossible.
It can't be you.
This is a joke, right?
No, no, no!
No, Nina!
What's wrong with you?
Please help me.
I can't breathe,
I'm suffocating!
WRITING...
NATASHA WAS MY BEST FRIEND
AND SHE DIED YESTERDAY.
No, no, no!
I swear I'm alive,
please help me.
Please tell my parents.
I don't believe you.
If you're really Natasha,
you'll know the answer to this:
What grade did you get
in the biology class?
Fuck you, Nina!
Don't you recognize my voice?
Come on, answer the question.
I have no idea, this is a trick question,
the grades haven't been given yet.
What was the last movie
we watched together?
Don't ask me stupid questions!
If you're really Natasha, you must know
which movie we last watched together.
I don't know, Nina! It was...
It was "Diary of a Passion",
and we cried at the end.
RECORDING AUDIO...
Natasha? No, it can't be you.
I saw you last night in a coffin.
This is impossible. Where are you?
Nina, I'm in a coffin,
I don't know how I got here.
I don't understand this,
I can't move.
Help me!
I don't get it,
must be one of those incidents
where people get buried alive.
Nina, that stuff
doesn't happen anymore.
My God, Natasha!
I'll call your parents.
Nina, wait.
Don't leave me alone, Nina.
No!
I can't believe
this is happening to you.
Stay calm, I've already
told your parents everything.
They've already spoken to the police
and they're coming there to the cemetery.
Stay calm and stop talking,
otherwise you'll run out of air.
Thanks you, Nina. Thank you.
Tell them to come quickly,
I'm suffocating.
Nina.
Nina, please,
I'm running out of air.
ONLINE
Nina!
THEY ARE TWO BLOCKS AWAY,
HOLD IT JUST A BIT LONGER.
Nina, there's a rat here,
please tell them to hurry up!
RECORDING AUDIO...
Nina, what are you laughing at?
This isn't funny.
Is this a joke?
Come on, stop it.
No one's coming to help you.
I'm just distracting you
from asking for more help.
Nina, what are you saying?
I'm running out of air.
I gave you the poison
that left you catatonic.
No, no, no, no, no!
I also left a cellphone
without any credit there,
- it only had me as a contact.
- Nina, no! Please!
I also left you a pet
to keep you company
to make the point of leaving you.
Why, motherfucker?
What did I do to you?
You still don't know?
Don't you remember, bitch,
your date with Damian?
No, Nina.
What do you mean? That's not true.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Hello, dear.
I loved yesterday.
I didn't think you'd be so hot.
Hello, beautiful.
Look who's talking.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
"I feel a bit guilty about Nina,
but I can't resist.
I wish I could just hide...
Nina, no!
and never let you go again."
I loved him.
Goodbye, Natasha.
I hope you enjoy your hiding place
- with rats and worms.
- No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, and with Damian,
who mustn't be far from you.
Get me out of here!
No, no, no, no, no, no!
That's it, I'm out.
This is totally stupid.
Wait. James, what's wrong?
Nothin'. Fuck the
rules of this game.
I'm fuckin' outta
here, all right?
What happened?
Where are the cell phones?
It's just a game.
It's okay to be scared.
Fuck you, all right?
Fuck you, fuck this game.
You got us into
this fuckin' mess.
Don't blame her, we
all agreed to this!
Stop blaming her!
All right, yeah. You shut
the fuck up, all right?
- Fuck you!
- No, fuck you!
Stop! Just stop!
Okay, if you
wanna go, then fuckin' go!
But you're responsible
for what happens to us.
Okay, let's move on.
But you're up, Alex.
Okay.
I thought of this story
that I read in the paper,
back in my hometown.
It was about this priest.
I don't remember
the year exactly.
The year's not
important, okay?
Just tell the story already.
All right.
The priest was new in town
and there was this girl,
and she was pregnant.
But there was something
very wrong about her.
Simpleton.
Can you tell me where I
can find the Bracken home?
Second cottage up the isle.
Thank you.
My name is Father Carey.
Where's Father Andrews?
Delayed.
He sends his apologies.
Come out
of the way, pastor.
Mrs. Bracken?
You have traveled far.
You'll have a whiskey?
I'd prefer to get started.
Father.
Stop.
Am I going to die, Father?
No, my child.
Of course not.
It wants to.
Our Father who art in heaven.
Please, Father!
She's swallowed her tongue.
Come here!
Hold her mouth open!
Help me!
How long has she been this way?
The nightmares
started weeks back.
Then she'd see things.
Now she said she hears voices.
Who's the father?
She won't say.
You can help us?
The demon could
kill them both.
And I don't know
if I can stop it.
Do whatever you have to.
Check the binds.
Jesus!
Leave.
Get out!
Blessed
art thou amongst women,
and blessed is the fruit
of thy womb, Jesus.
Holy Mary, Mother of God.
You can't stop it!
Fraud!
I'll smite them all.
God forgive me!
Don't! You'll damn us all!
Mommy.
It hurts.
Push!
Push, Maebh, push!
One more!
It's a boy.
Tell me, who will
care for the child?
Father Andrews said
he'd find a good home.
The sooner the better.
It would be cruel to let
mother and child bond.
Take the child.
Take him with you.
Father.
Peace and good health to you.
And also with you.
I need you to take us across.
I release you.
Jesus.
It's Father
Andrews. I have Father Carey.
We're here to help...
Do you know who this is?
You don't know how long
I've been waiting for you.
My little prince.
Something's wrong.
- I'll go get him.
- No, you can't go in.
You have to wait for him to
come back. That's the rules.
Fuck your shitty
rules. I'm gonna go get him.
Fuck.
He's not here.
Are you sure?
Searched all the rooms.
We have to keep
on playing the game.
Are you insane?
Alex is gone.
Gone!
Erica was right.
She was always right.
Once you start playing
the game, you can't stop.
Okay, here it goes.
This is a story about a girl.
This girl, she moves
into an apartment.
She thought she
was sleeping alone,
but then she realized,
she wasn't.
It seems nice. I
wish you could see the view.
No, I managed to get
it all up here myself.
Yeah, I'm just
finishing it up now.
Okay. Miss you too.
Bye.
What?
You need somethin'?
Sorry, I was just
looking for Adam.
Adam left about
three days ago.
Should be back next week.
No one else around
here would have, like,
a master key, would they?
Not so far as I know.
Is everything all right?
Yeah, it's...
It's fine.
Thanks for your help.
I didn't see anything.
You didn't see Alex either?
Erica?
Tell the last story so we
can get the fuck out of here.
We don't know that.
We don't know what?
If this shit will end.
Well, it has to
'cause Erica said so!
Erica?
Tell your last story so we
can get the fuck out of here!
Erica.
Sit down!
I'm gonna tell the final story.
Many, many years ago,
there was a little girl.
She was an orphan.
Her parents had
die in an accident,
so, her grandmother took her in.
When the girl turns 11,
her grandma tells her a secret.
She knows a turn about
spells and enchantments.
So, she start teaching
her some of these secrets.
The girl thinks her
grandma totally rocks.
But the neighbors
don't think so.
They think she cast
the evil eye on them,
and blame her for all their
financial and health problems.
The neighbors start
to attack her,
throwing stones at the house,
threatening to leave
the neighborhood.
That's the beginning
of the nightmare.
The attacks get more and
more frequent and vicious.
The grandma and the girl
start feeling deeply bitter
toward the rest.
One day, the girl goes to camp
with her school for a week.
During camp, she has horrible
premonitions and nightmares.
The house is unusually silent.
She looks everywhere
for her grandma,
until she gets to her room.
There she is.
Lying on the floor, dead.
The cat is sitting on her body.
And he ate the most of her face.
Much later,
during police investigations,
they determined the grandmother
had been attacked with
a brick to her head.
The girl was sent
to an orphanage,
where she spends
the following years
building more and more
fury and bitterness.
The girl finally gets older
and leaves the orphanage.
The first thing she does is get
back to her grandma's house.
Then took the book
from the library.
It's a collection
of horror stories,
called, "The 100 Candles Game."
Then persuades the
neighbors' children
to play the game in
the very same house.
Now...
It's time to reap the
fruit of her wrath.
James!
James?
Are you there?
Alex?
Where are you guys?
James?
Alex?
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull